start
You wake up in the middle of the night to the sound of Sage crying in the next room. Jeffrey, your husband, is next to you, and it looks like he is starting to wake up because of the cries as well.

master_bedroom_0
You are in the master bedroom. Jeffrey is in bed slowly waking up from his deep sleep. You can hear your baby daughter Sage is crying in the nursery. You can see the breast pump sitting on a table on one side of the bedroom. THe entrance to the bathroom is on another side of the bedroom.

breast_pump
You look at the breast pump. You were using it right before bed earlier. Seems like Sage will need a more immediate solution. I will just need to use the breast pump later.

bathroom
You go into the bathroom. You can hear the sound of water running inside the toilet. Need to remind Jeffrey to get it fixed. It looks like he's starting to rely too much on his temporary string "solution".

sleep_jeffrey
You look at Jeffrey as he tries to roll out of bed. He accidentally rolled a little too much and fell off the bed. Oops!

nursery_0
You are in the nursey. Sage is in the crib crying. You can see a poloard hanging on the wall next to the window. There is a burp cloth hanging on the side of the crib. At the entrance of the nursery is a frame with several photos. Jeffrey looks like he is half asleep and stumbling everywhere.

polaroid_0
You look at the polaroid next to the window. It's a photo of the three of us when Sage became 8 days old. So precious, but too bad Sage's eyes were closed. Maybe next time!

picture_frame_0
You look at the picture frame next to the entrance of the room. You see that there are a bunch of portraits of... another baby? You look at Jeffrey, and you see him smile with a guilty look on his face. "I'll get right on that," he said. Mmhmm!

burp_cloth_0
You look at the burp cloth. There are some light saliva stains from when you used it to burp Sage earlier in the night. It's still a little bit moist. Jeffrey quickly takes it from you and sniffs it... Why does he always have to sniff things?

crib_0
You go to the crib and look at Sage. Her crying makes her look so delicate and helpless. Seems like she really needs something.

nursery_1
You now have Sage in your arms. She is crying. Oh what a surprise, looks like Jeffrey is scretching. What should I do now?

sooth_baby
You say a few things to Sage. You try to sing her a song to let her know everything is ok, but she is still crying.

picture_frame_1
You show Sage the picture frame with photos of a model baby. She seems briefly puzzled by the look of the baby. Perhaps the blue eyes seem strange to her? It seems to distract and calm her down for a small moment, and then she starts crying again.

polaroid_1
You show Sage the polaroid we had taken of us. She stops crying to observe the photo. I wonder if she realizes who the people in the polaroid are. She momentarily smiles, and then she starts crying again.

crib_1
You bring Sage back to her crib. She's still crying. What am I doing? I just picked her up! 

diaper
Maybe Sage has a dirty diaper? You check her diaper and it still looks clean.

breastfeed
You notice that Sage is smacking her lips while she is crying. Maybe she's hungry?

left_breast_0
Sage stops crying and immediately latches on. Looks like she was hungry. After a few minutes of feeding, it looks like  she might be satisfied.

right_breast_0
Sage stops crying and immediately latches on. Looks like she was hungry. After a few minutes of feeding, it looks like  she might be satisfied.

crib_left_0
You decide to put Sage back in the crib. Right before you leave the room, she starts crying again. What now?

right_breast_1
You try feeding her again with the other breast, and she immediately latches on. I guess she wasn't done! After a few minutes another round of feeding, Sage looks like she might be finally satisfied.

crib_right_0
You decide to put Sage back in the crib. Right before you leave the room, she starts crying again. What now?

left_breast_1
You try feeding her again with the other breast, and she immediately latches on. I guess she wasn't done! After a few minutes another round of feeding, Sage looks like she might be finally satisfied.

crib_right_1
You put Sage back in the crib, but she starts crying again. Did I forget to do something?

burp_cloth_right
You grab the burp cloth that's hanging on the side of the crib. You drape it over your shoulder, and then you carry Sage up over the burp cloth. You try patting her on the back, and after a few minutes of patting, she lets out the loudest burp she's ever burped. You see Jeffrey is in shock, and you hear him say, "WHOA!". I guess she had some gas!

crib_left_1
You put Sage back in the crib, but she starts crying again. Did I forget to do something?

burp_cloth_left
You grab the burp cloth that's hanging on the side of the crib. You drape it over your shoulder, and then you carry Sage up over the burp cloth. You try patting her on the back, and after a few minutes of patting, she lets out the loudest burp she's ever burped. You see Jeffrey is in shock, and you hear him say, "WHOA!". I guess she had some gas!

crib_2
You put Sage back in her crib. Looks like she fell back asleep. She should be sleeping for another few hours before she wakes up again.

jeffrey_nursery
Jeffrey is looking at Sage and touching her double chin. Like father like daughter.

master_bedroom_1
You go back to the bedroom with Jeffrey, and you both immediately fall back asleep.